Well, the images of the miners marching and some of the women, the wives marching.
And I can recall Arthur Scargill obviously being there and encouraging the miners.
I understood that because I remember going to Carmarthen Town with my husband and there
was a person stood on the corner asking for donations.
And I went into my purse straight away and gave money.
I think it was five pound at the time which is quite a bit but I really felt strongly
about the miners' strike.
And the women having to get donations of food and making parcels up and taking them to
a certain centre and handing them out to families.
I also remember the convoy of lorries that Maggie Thatcher set up.
She was behind all this of hauliers, getting these hauliers to drive these lorries, paying
them very good money.
The police were paid extra money because they had to be doing overtime I suppose.
I remember all that and I can remember driving on the M4 because this is where I saw the
convoys of lorries going back and forth, back and forth.
I said to my husband, I don't know if I should say this, I'm going to put my fist up to
those lorry drivers.
He said don't do that, they might jump out.
But I'm laughing at it now because I get so worked up you see.
I am very emotional and I get a strong feeling for the miners because I'm from a mining area
and lots of my relatives were miners.
My uncle died in one of the falls in a pit called Wiley in Gwent you know and my father
and all his brothers went to the pit and they had to try and dig him out and he died there.
So there's a lot of, I got a lot of feeling for the miners and if only the union of transport
or whatever came out to support them they might have won that strike but of course they didn't.